Is it grandpa?
Fourth grandpa is our blood-linked family after all
Are you going too far?
What relative
Since grandpa broke up with him
We are already two families
Even two families
After all, Fourth Grandpa is very kind to our Su Group
Sun Group has so many orders.
What's wrong with giving him points?
This old man Su
Obviously, it depends on our Su Group.
It has a great effect with the Sun Group
Want to get a share of the shameless soup?
It's as if you live the belly of a gentleman with the heart of a villain
Between living villains
I will give him this order today.
There will be a second person tomorrow.
A third person, maybe even millions, wants to come.
Is this order for or not?
I am Su's Gale
It's not your turn to do
4 grandpa
I'm so sorry.
Can't help you
It's okay late autumn
Miss pair
The world is hot and cold
Some people drink all the wine
Late Autumn
You're a good boy.
Listen to your grandfather's advice
Go if you can
Find a place that suits you
Hey, grandpa said where did I tell you to die?
Get back here right now